https://www.chetu.com/solutions/blockchain.php
Blockchain Smart Contract Development

We program immutable smart contracts for blockchains, supplying decentralized web solutions for the ecommerce, finance, real estate, supply chain management and gaming industries, among others. We code smart contracts for registering loan requests and intellectual property, validating insurance eligibility, generating letters of credit for international transactions, creating Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAO), and more. We also develop smart contract audit tools for ensuring data integrity and performance.
Blockchain Wallets and Exchange Applications

Our blockchain application services include blockchain wallet apps and exchange platforms for desktops, mobile devices, and browser apps. We program features for trading multiple cryptocurrencies and blockchain tokens, auto-generating public and private keys, making online purchases, participating in Initial Coin Offerings (ICO), and examining the hypermedia and data history of any block. We program blockchain apps with robust security and encryption measures, including multi-signature confirmation.
Blockchain Banking Solutions

We provide enterprise-grade blockchain solutions for banks, including cryptocurrency payment integrations. We code smart contracts for releasing payments upon delivery, clearing and settling securities transactions, financing international trade, verifying identities, and transferring syndicated loans. We program all software with world-class Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) protocols.
Blockchain Software Development

We leverage APIs, libraries, SDKs, and other open documentation from blockchain technology providers to build modular apps and integrate cryptocurrency functionality to websites and apps. In addition to developing with popular crypto clients, we integrate APIs from popular blockchain exchanges and app developers (Coinbase, Neurowave, Tierion, Factom, ChromaWay, SICCAR).

